README.md, before:

# Enumerables

> Ruby Enumerable methods are rebuilt to solidify my understanding of Ruby Array, methods, Procs, Blocks, yield, etc. This project is created from scratch and solely by [@Kyle-Law](https://github.com/Kyle-Law). The project is built according to [this project on the odin project](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/ruby-programming/lessons/advanced-building-blocks), assignment 2.

This project is also the second project of Microverse Software Development Program - Ruby Section. Branches that merged into the master branch are verified and approved by Microverse's Technical Support Engineers.

This project is achieved under the following restrictions:
- Module must below 100 lines(except comments).
- Each methods must below 20 lines.
- `yield` must be used
- `my_each`, `my_each_with_index`, `my_select`, `my_map` return the Enumerator when no argument/block is given
- `my_all?`, `my_any?`, `my_none?` can check for Class/Regex/Other parameter

## Built With

- Ruby
- VS Code

## Authors

👤 **Kyle Law**

- Github: [@Kyle-Law](https://github.com/Kyle-Law)
- Twitter: [@Kyle-Law](https://twitter.com/ZhunKhing)
- Linkedin: [Kyle law](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kyle-lawzhunkhing/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Kyle-Law/Enumerables/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Microverse
- The Odin Project

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](https://github.com/Kyle-Law/Enumerables/blob/master/LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

Added Testing section in README.md

README.md, after:

# Enumerables

> Ruby Enumerable methods are rebuilt to solidify my understanding of Ruby Array, methods, Procs, Blocks, yield, etc. This project is created from scratch and solely by [@Kyle-Law](https://github.com/Kyle-Law). The project is built according to [this project on the odin project](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/ruby-programming/lessons/advanced-building-blocks), assignment 2.

This project is also the second project of Microverse Software Development Program - Ruby Section. Branches that merged into the master branch are verified and approved by Microverse's Technical Support Engineers.

This project is achieved under the following restrictions:
- Module must below 100 lines(except comments).
- Each methods must below 20 lines.
- `yield` must be used
- `my_each`, `my_each_with_index`, `my_select`, `my_map` return the Enumerator when no argument/block is given
- `my_all?`, `my_any?`, `my_none?` can check for Class/Regex/Other parameter

## Built With

- Ruby
- VS Code

## Testing
- clone this repo into your local folder
- cd to `Enumerables` folder
- run `rspec spec/enumerables_rspec.rb` in command line
- `30 examples, 0 failures` should be output.

## Authors

👤 **Kyle Law**

- Github: [@Kyle-Law](https://github.com/Kyle-Law)
- Twitter: [@Kyle-Law](https://twitter.com/ZhunKhing)
- Linkedin: [Kyle law](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kyle-lawzhunkhing/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Kyle-Law/Enumerables/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Microverse
- The Odin Project

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](https://github.com/Kyle-Law/Enumerables/blob/master/LICENSE) licensed.
